Recommend kernel 6.6 and greater (#1472)
minio/docs: source/operations/checklists/software.rst

   :width: 100%

   * - :octicon:`circle`

>      - Servers running a Linux operating system with a 6.6+ kernel, such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9 or Ubuntu LTS 24.04+.

Author: Your thoughts @ravindk89 ?

>      - Servers running a Linux operating system with a 6.6+ kernel, such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9 or Ubuntu LTS 24.04+.

Reviewer: :thinking: how often do we run into customers who upgrade kernel w/o upgrading OS? Actually curious as to that vs doing OS upgrades to get kernel upgrades.

I guess either way we can smash the two together.

```suggestion
     - Servers running a Linux operating system with a 6.6+ kernel. Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 10 or Ubuntu LTS 22.04.01+ ship with these Kernel's by default.
```

We'll have to keep track as versions go EOL over time but this is a good baseline.

>      - Servers running a Linux operating system with a 6.6+ kernel, such as Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9 or Ubuntu LTS 24.04+.

Author: Not that we run into them, but upgrading a kernel is possible and in this case recommended. This is a good bump to our documentation.
